Create infinite autofill component (#305)
mediamonks/react-kit: src/components/InfiniteAutoFill/InfiniteAutoFill.mdx

import { Canvas, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as stories from './InfiniteAutoFill.stories';

<Meta title="Components / InfiniteAutoFill" />

# InfiniteAutoFill

Uses the AutoFill to repeat children to fill the parent element in given axis. In addition to that

> it adds the children one more time to the end of the list. This can be useful for example marquee's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it adds the children one more time to the end of the list. This can be useful for example marquees or infinite carousels.
```

## Reference

```ts
interface InfiniteAutoFillProps {
  children: ReadonlyArray<ReactNode>;
  axis?: 'x' | 'y'; // Default: 'x'
}

function InfiniteAutoFill(props: InfiniteAutoFillProps): ReactElement;
```

## InfiniteAutoFill for X axis

Fills components horizontally + one extra.

```tsx
function DemoComponent() {
  return (
    <div style={{ width: 1000, display: 'grid', outline: '1px solid black' }}>
      <InfiniteAutoFill>
        <div style={{ padding: 15 }}>
          <div style={{ width: 50, outline: '1px solid red' }}>Child</div>
        </div>
      </InfiniteAutoFill>
    </div>
  );
}
```

### Demo

<Canvas of={stories.Horizontal} />

## InfiniteAutoFill for Y axis

Fills components vertically + one extra.

```tsx
function DemoComponent() {
  return (
    <div style={{ height: 1000, outline: '1px solid black' }}>

>       <InfiniteAutoFill>

Reviewer: Missing `y` axis.
